[DOC-4748] Add ARM64 download links for Linux (#15035)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/install-cockroachdb-linux.md

          </div>
          <div class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-shell" data-lang="shell"><span class="nb">mkdir</span> <span class="nt">-p</span> /usr/local/lib/cockroach</code></pre></div>
        </li>

>         <li>Copy the library files to the directory. In the following commands, replace `{ARCHITECTURE}` with `linux-amd64` for Intel, or with `linux-arm64` for ARM.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <li>Copy the library files to the directory. In the following commands, replace `{ARCHITECTURE}` with `linux-amd64` for Intel, or with `linux-3.7.10-gnu-aarch64` for ARM.</p>
```

For example, the file name for the alpha.4 archive is `cockroach-v22.2.0-alpha.4.linux-3.7.10-gnu-aarch64.tgz`.
